hi everyone so this uh this is roland
from iotax
so i will do a short presentation
basically to give you guys an update on
the you can
project uh the title is building
consumer products on ipfs and 5 coin
network the challenges and opportunities
here
yeah so about me you know background in
cryptography
very early adopter of bitcoin leading
lots of security and privacy initiative
at google and
uber then start iotex with two other
co-founders
three years ago so we are doing pretty
good
so basically all iotax is about is
trying to introduce a vision of
web3 into the space of iot uh so
basically everybody has a dream for a
safe
you know safety like an intelligent and
private future
which has been threatened by intrusive
surveillance and advertising
so we are you know surrounded by too
many devices right now watching
listening and singing recording us
all the time and our sensitive
information is constantly exposed to
hackers
and you know unfortunately also abused
by corporate
intermediaries right so i think the
following news here it will not surprise
you
basically someone tapping into your home
camera talking with your kids or maybe
your home video data gets leaked because
you know wise have their data
as a data breach so that's kind of
problem like we we are fixed
um so we start with like one very
concrete like project
is a home secure camera like almost 10
months back
last year uh like the idea behind i
can't
uk it's not too complicated so basically
we give like a blockchain identity to
each of the devices users and
applications
and we do design like a cryptographic
protocol
for binding all of them together to
derive a key
which will be used on the ucan for
encryption
encryption of all the video data so once
the data gets encrypted
it will be uploaded to ipfs and filecoin
network
for long term storage and some short
stories as well
and when user intends we will enable
confidential computing over encrypted
data
uh you know of course there are some you
know key negotiation protocols
underneath
to do intelligent stuff like ai object
detection
for for the for the for the home video
data i will show you guys a demo later
so that's a whole idea of course a lot
of technic details i'm not
going to talk about today uh so
basically the update
up to uh uh update from you can it's
pretty good
it's a word first blockchain powered
consumer product
uh and manufacture is complete right so
i'm so glad to see
uh the first 10 uh probably turnkey 20k
each of
uk has already been stocked into
amazon's
warehouse as of i think this monday
and we should be able to see um amazon
that this this gets sell down and
come in about two to three weeks you
know of course that's a very cool
camera it has has all the cool features
the camera should have
in addition it has decentralized
identity and
encryption confidential computing and
most importantly like
user owned storage basically to realize
the vision of
on your data so uk is just a start
and we do have a roadmap down the road
you know um so what we want to do
is this um you know web free vision and
iot space
the first step is of course keep your
data 100
you know person private that's where we
are right now and the next step
that's coming in next two quarters is
analyze the data in a very privately
manner
yeah mostly using confidential computing
and the third one most likely next year
is trying to tokenize you know treat the
data but there are lots of you know
i think a lot of things too to work on
but no matter where we are ipfs and
firecoin will always be the storage
layer uh for iotex
uh blockchain and products uh where like
all the data and assets will be you know
living on so
next we'll share with you guys like two
very concrete
things uh we have done with ipfs and
finecoin
you know thanks you know for the help
from the community especially from
daytrade puja and many other people give
us you know lots of feedbacks lots of
helpings
here the first way the first way we have
done
is firmware update so let's let me place
a video here
so the context here is like every camera
will have to update
its firmware on weekly almost weekly
basically to have the latest bug fix you
know new features optimizations and
everything
and we did this using ipfs network uh
so there are three benefits the first
one is of course integrated protection
on
on the firmware itself so no one can
temper that
then firmware that has been distributed
uh seriously manufacturer
the second one is always like the cd and
alike
property of of ipfs makes like the
download
even faster than s3 as we tested and the
last one is
uh you know this uh hot file will be you
know widely distributed
in the ipfs network while the older ones
like the old firmwares probably no
device will care about will face out
gradually so that's
also a very nice feature uh and i'm so
glad to see like starting from this
version
uh all the firmware updates actually
went through ipfs already
uh there are 500 plus you can that went
out through our pre-order program
into the you know americans households
already alive so they use this feature
on a weekly basis
and once it's data listed on amazon.com
we should be able to see like a big
number of you can
be activated you know uh in this month
especially before christmas 2020. um you
know thanks for the help from this
region a lot of people so we do have a
case study here uh
if you want to take a look about this
one so there's a link to follow so
that's one
so the second one is very interesting
too uh
it's basically like we we have done this
poc about
you know putting encrypted data by the
way that's me just working into my
garage
dressing very casually uh yeah so the
idea here is we put this encrypted data
onto the file called network
and we enable confidential computing for
object detection
so the poc has already been done so we
hope to launch this feature together
with five coin
maintenance launch end of this month so
this will be like a
feature that has been unseen before in
the camera space
uh very exciting for that yeah so
through this
journey we have seen lots of you know
opportunities and a lot of challenges
okay here um of course like the first
one is opportunities we do see the
camera space is the ever growing space
it's already a 100 billion market and
still growing
if you look at the table you know on the
corner um
basically in 2015 in usa
every seventh person so there is just
almost one
camera and this number all has all
almost been like uh you know um double
uh like in 2018
every every four person will own a
camera and i'm sure like
in 2020 this one will become like even
you know maybe everyone on camera
so this is still a growing space and we
do see like the first generation of the
camera has
already kind of cannot satisfy the needs
for securing
privacy for lots of person for lots of
people um
so we what you can does is opening the
store for this new
generation of cameras that is fully
private basically user owns everything
and third one is over of course like the
amount of data
that's generated by those camera devices
are huge
um so we have an estimate here on on the
top right corner
um for for you cam basically a user who
enabled this
seven day rolling video recording uh
we'll spend roughly one gigabytes of
data so if
for example if we have one some users
using ucan
um then we were going to demand one
tb capacity from fico network so of
course
let's just start right so our estimation
is you know one million
you can be sold into just american
household so this will be demanding one
pb
capacity from the firecoin network so
there is a huge business opportunity
there as well
yeah there are even more challenges
compared to some pro
opportunities here right so i think the
two one is
your user adoption because our user is
very non-techy and non-blockchain
non-crypto
so they don't know what is private key
they don't know what is web service so
there are lots of educations
needed to deliver this product into the
hands of them
another one is manufacture related
challenges because iot
is a very traditional industry it has
very long you know supply chain many
dependencies
uh and also most surprisingly like the
people in this field
is very close mindset like open source
software is something like the
unheard of to lots of people in this
industry
uh yeah so i think those are the
challenges uh entirely for the entire
industry
but there are two very specific ones we
have seen
you know uh for for integrating with
ipfs
and filecoin network um
this first one is like putting private
data uh
even encrypted onto a public domain may
concern users
because i'm coming from a cryptographic
background i know encryption is not
future proof
like aes is super secure today but can
be bricked tomorrow
you know um so
how so so if user you know encrypt their
home data and put down the file code
network right
how about if someone just you know scan
download all the maybe archive all the
encrypted files
uh just put it there and waiting for
five years until aes gets broken then
you know
all the private information of this
person's home will be linked so that
that's a problem here that's a real
concern
of course there are some work around so
one thing is we do like a multiple layer
of encryptions
to just reduce the chance of you know
one encryption algorithm gets
cracked um that's a new way to address
this problem
and another one is more intelligent
which we we want to you know dive into
more
is do some security sharing it's similar
as a reinstallment code
as the previous presenter was talking
about basically we will have like a file
called network holding maybe 99 percent
of the amount of data
while the user or maybe the device will
hold in like a very tiny bit of this
data
um so uh from the information theoretic
perspective like
no information can be recovered uh if
this tiny bit of data has been missing
so this there are more like a research
to be done but that's a that's a cool
approach i think
and otherwise on the engineering side is
if we can have like a permissioned
overlay
over the file coin network yeah so we
already have some
uh talks with powergate folks uh they
have been really really helpful
on this one so we are you know working
out some of the solutions to address
this challenge
the second one is um ucam basically
comes with a monthly subscription model
meaning uh for example if you can see
the diagrams here screenshots here
uh user wants to purchase a seven days
like a rolling storage of your data for
30 seconds in the inventory recording
so he will probably pay two dollars per
month for this feature
uh 14 days maybe three dollars i don't
know right just some random number
um so for now they just pay fiat so
everything's good
but how can we transition this from
paying fiat to you know paying crypto
you know fine coin
um or maybe io tax tokens using use the
same
like a model monthly subscription
subscription model given
the crypto tokens will be extremely
fluctuated
and also not many people understand uh
crypto
coins and tokens of course the first one
is still you know uh education um
the second one will be instantly
incentivize people to use
like a five coin maybe io tax token
basically to get some discount on this
monthly subscription
and third one already talked with the
team is have like integration with some
fiat gateways
you know maybe change layer maybe other
unit swap type of thing to convert fiat
to like a crypto coins
um just you know to reduce the frictions
user will uh
will have yeah so that's that's
basically two things uh
two challenges we have seen and uh
that's it right so that's that's that's
basically status update about you can
uh and here's my contact information so
i'm open to questions and if you have
any questions
you know feel free to give me a opinion
on email and tweet
all right thanks everyone